# ml-chapter-two-
Chap2 supervised learning: is the one in which one is given the inputs thus the output is determined based on inputs data. The supervised learning involves two steps    . training data   . testing data (testing a model with unseen values) classification and regression classification involves countable and categorizing values but regression involves  numerals that are continuous output variables generalization: when the model is able to predict the accurate result via unseen data overfitting: it’s when use all attributes even the least important due to excess attributes. underfitting: it’s when has lack of enough attributes model and uses the specific attributes to give the desired output.    supervised algorithms  1.KNN algorithm     -it’s the one that involves feature similarity in classifying       the input based on the cases in the model so as to predict the output.      how is K value chosen is depend on the values around the k its used when      data is label, small, noise free. 2.linear regression algorithm      -regression shows the relationship between the dependent and independent variable.       the strength of prediction. When it is used is classification and regression       data quality, computation complexity. Its easily understandable and uses simple eqns       it’s used in business to evaluate trends and sales.       it can analyses the impact on the prices changes. 3.naive algorithm               -it involves the use of probability which describes the possibility              of the result to occur. This is used for the noisy data (complex data).             I work well in the categorical variable. Used in real time prediction             in text classification in spamfiltering.its also used in recommendation               systems to predict if the user wants a given result. 4.Decision tree algorithm              -it involves making prediction based on several input variables so               as to predict the output. It’s used in data mining.
